So how can we find the string length Using
Recursion we can keep a static variable to store the
length and write a recursive function with two parameters
the string and the index and in every recursive call
check
If the particular character is valid or null character
If it is a valid character increment length and make
the next recursive call with the incremented Index Value
If it is null character it is the base case
so we can just return
the length for example
Here str of Index has the character A
It is not null character so increment length value and
make the next Recursive call with index value as
one similarly here str of index that is str of
one is B which is not null character so increment
length
So it becomes two
Now make the next recursive call with incremented index which
is two and here str of two is equal
to C which is not null
So increment length
Now make the next Recursive call with incremented
index three And here also str of index that
is str of three is not null so increment length
and it becomes four now called the Function Again by passing
index plus one which is four and here index is
four and str of four is null character so we
can stop this process and return length which will be
the string length
So using this logic you can try solving the problem.